I will create a variant of the well known "breakout" genre, where the player uses 
a mouse to control his paddle. He progresses through the game by bouncing his ball
off the bricks in each level until they are all destroyed.

Splash Screen:
Simply consists of a description of what the powerups do and the rules of
breakout. Game starts once the player clicks spacebar.

Game rules:
Player controls:
mouse movement: control paddle
spacebar: pause/resume

Player aims to bounce his ball off his paddle until all the bricks in the level have been destroyed.
He then progresses to the next level. If the ball touches the bottom of the screen, the game returns
to the splash screen.

Game physics:
The ball bounces elastically off the borders of the application, bricks and the paddle at constant speed. 
However, if the ball hits anywhere but the center of the paddle, its velocity will change. For example, if
it hits the left side of the paddle, its velocity will change to have a larger leftwards component.
The farther the ball is from the center, the more prominently this change can be noticed.
Bricks disappear upon contact with the ball.

Level design:
Level one: a 4*4 array of bricks. 
Level two: Two identical rows of bricks. Now, when bricks are broken, powerups fall
towards the bottom. If touched, the powerup activates. They largely serve to 
increase the difficulty of the level, but also allow it to be completed more quickly.

Powerups:
Green powerup: Increases ball speed by a factor of 1.25. Drops roughly 6/9 of the time.
Yellow powerup: Decrease ball speed by a factor of 0.64. Drops roughly 1/9 of the time.
Red powerup: Adds an additional ball traveling at base speed. If any ball goes out, 
the player loses, so this increases the danger to the player. Drops roughly 2/9 of the time.


Cheats:
Press "]" to pause the game and increase ball speed by a factor of 1.25
Press "[" to pause the game and decrease ball speed by a factor of 0.8
Press "&" to add 5 more balls traveling at different angles and drastically increase 
paddle size. Also pauses.
Press "1" to pause and go to level one.
Press "2" to pause and go to level 2.



